# GT-IEMB
This repository contains the Python code for the GT-IEMB filter presented in the publication S. Lynch, A. Garcia-Fernandez and L. Devlin, "A Track-Before-Detect Trajectory Multi-Bernoulli Filter for Generalised Superpositional Measurements".

Each separate filter e.g. T-IEMB-UKF for alive trajectories can be run by navigating to the individual folder named for this filter i.e. "T_IEMB_UKF_Alive_Trajectories". The Scenario_1_Definition file can be run which simulates the filter using the parameters which are defined in this file. Some parameters may be defined in individual class files e.g. the motion model state transition and process noise are defined in the file "ConstantVelocityMotionModel.py".

Should you wish to perform some comparisons e.g. run T-IEMB-UKF and T-IEMB-IPLF for the same scenario and plot the results onto the same figure, use the "Comparison_Scenario_1_Defintion.py" file which exists in the folder above each individual filter folder. Using this file you can specify parameters e.g. L-scan length to modify between each batch of MC runs (and plot the results onto the same figures), most other filter parameters are pulled in from the "Scenario_1_Definition.py" files, such that tuning/experimentation can be done from the "Scenario_1_Definition.py" files and then comparison done from file.

The filter code structure should be modular i.e. if you wish to use a different measurement density, you should only need to modify the "SuperpositionalSensorModel.py" file to the new measurement density. When measurement density information is needed elsewhere e.g. in the filter predicition/update, this is pulled in from the "SuperpositionalSensorModel.py" file such that the code structure is modular. This allows for easy experimentation with the filters.
